minor fixes to the Istio Standard Metrics page (#12918)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/config/metrics/index.md

The following are the standard service level metrics exported by Istio.

> The telemetry component is implemented as a [Proxy-wasm](https://github.com/proxy-wasm/spec) plugin.

Reviewer: this's not correct now, stats is a [native(c++) filter](https://github.com/istio/proxy/tree/master/source/extensions/filters/http/istio_stats).
cc @kyessenov

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I'd say that components are implemented as "proxy extensions" without going into detail. MX is still Wasm, but it's really not important to a user of Istio, as long as it works.

Author: Do you suggest I change line 14 to `The telemetry component is implemented as a proxy extension` ? @kyessenov

Author: Hello, please let me know if there are any changes required, if any. If not I will probably mark this PR as closed if it's not needed.

Reviewer: yes, that would be better.

Author: Hmm I'm trying to figure out what's going on with my EasyCLA auth, please bear with me.

Author: All good with the EasyCLA :) sorry about that!

> The telemetry component is implemented as a [Proxy-wasm](https://github.com/proxy-wasm/spec) plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The telemetry component is implemented as a [Proxy extension](https://github.com/istio/proxy/tree/master/source/extensions/filters/http/istio_stats).
```
